{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red52\green52\blue52;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c26667\c26667\c26667;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Daniele Giacobello received his Laurea (B.Sc.) and Laurea Magistrale (M.Sc.) degrees in Telecommunications Engineering from Politecnico di Milano, Italy, in 2003 and 2006, respectively, and his Ph.D. degree in Electrical and Electronic Engineering from Aalborg University, Denmark, in 2010. Before joining Sonos, Inc., where he is now Distinguished Research Engineer, he was with Beats Electronics, LLC, Culver City, CA (now Apple, Inc.), the Office of the CTO at Broadcom Corporation, Irvine, CA, the Department of Electronic Systems at Aalborg University, Asahi-Kasei Corporation, Atsugi, Japan, and Siemens AG, Milan, Italy. He was also a Visiting Scholar at Delft University of Technology, University of Miami, and KU Leuven. He was a recipient of the European Union Marie Curie Doctoral Fellowship and he was awarded the "IEEE Signal Processing Society Young Author Best Paper Award" for the paper co-authored with M. G. Christensen, M. N. Murthi, S. H. Jensen and M. Moonen "Sparse Linear Prediction and Its Applications to Speech Processing" based on his Ph.D. work. He was also awarded the \'93Best Information Engineering Thesis Award\'94 by the Milan Engineers Foundation and the \'93Best Thesis Prize\'94 sponsored by Accenture for his M.Sc. thesis work.\'a0\
\
Dr. Giacobello\'92s research interests include statistical signal processing and machine learning theory an methods with applications in audio and speech. He is a Senior Member of IEEE and a member of IEEE Technical Committee on Audio and Acoustic Signal Processing. Dr. Giacobello has served as a technical program committee member for the European Signal Processing Conference (EUSIPCO) since 2013 where he organized and co-chaired the special sessions "Digital Audio Processing for Loudspeakers and Headphones" at EUSIPCO 2014, "Fast and Embedded Convex Optimization for Signal Processing" at EUSIPCO 2016, and "Distant Speech Processing for Smart Speakers" at EUSIPCO 2018.}